what's up ladies and gentlemen this your
boy darn good welcome to another episode
of the dgr for those that don't know and
you're tuning in for the first time that
stands for the darn good report you know
shout out to all my subscribers and
focus out there doing the videos and
leaving me a positive comments I
appreciate all the feedback and you know
I do this for y'all alright let's jump
into it yeah shout out to the folks you
know out it uh bows and arrows out in
California I appreciate cha thanks for
shipping this to your boy alright let's
jump it to the i'll review you know what
it is the nike air flow all right as you
can see right here that material raid is
calling Dora sheen and that right there
is black and then we are actually going
to look at this right here which is the
suede in our color this label this
anthracite you have your black nike
swoosh right here then on the side you
also have them good black I guess like
mesh Dora sheen on material right there
as well as you can see you see the nike
right there yeah on the soul and the
soul is white and black all i want you
and right here you have black shoe
strings as well if you look close see
the nike air flow rate there's two stone
the tone maybe she'll show you got
inside see the nike air logo right there
like in so well so let's turn it around
like this you can see it close up see
nike air right there stitched on the
hill top take a look at the bottom like
here right there yeah yeah grow clean so
black and white and over all this she
was so dope it's ridiculous let me give
you a little history on it this shoe
first drop and 1989 and Bruce Kilgore on
the designer from Nike headed this
project right here this is also on I
don't know I guess where you got the
hurrah cheese to press those and the
fries all of those running shoes pretty
much was geared off for this under
structure of this shoe right here
awesome running shoe yah and if you get
your hands on them I would say try pal I
will also say that you need to go a half
size up on you know I'm normally a 10
and a half but I had to rock at 11 and
they are very comfortable I think 11 and
a half would have been too big so half
size up folks it's your boy down good
signing out with another dgo